feat(Accordion): add ariaControls to improve a11y, remove default Open button (#4635)
kiwicom/orbit: docs/src/documentation/05-development/04-migration-guides/01-v21.mdx

Feel free to customize the translations according to your needs, by eventually providing more context to the alert it refers to.

### Removal of default Open button in Accordion component

The default `Open` button, which was rendered in the `AccordionSection` component when no `actions` were provided, has been removed.

> Feel free to pass an action component in the `actions` prop. Alternatively, by setting `expandOnTileClick` prop to `true` is the component expandable on click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to pass an action component in the `actions` prop. Alternatively, by setting `expandOnTileClick` prop to `true` the whole element expands on click.
```
